Files hierarchy for Wordpress theme

style.css
    The main stylesheet. This must be included with your Theme, and it must contain the information header for your Theme. 
rtl.css
    The rtl stylesheet. This will be included automatically if the website's text direction is right-to-left. This can be generated using the the RTLer plugin. 
index.php
    The main template. If your Theme provides its own templates, index.php must be present. 
comments.php
    The comments template. 
front-page.php
    The front page template, it is only used if you use a static front page. 
home.php
    The home page template, which is the front page by default. If you use a static front page this is the template for the page with the latest posts. 
single.php
    The single post template. Used when a single post is queried. For this and all other query templates, index.php is used if the query template is not present. 
single-<post-type>.php
    The single post template used when a single post from a custom post type is queried. For example, single-books.php would be used for displaying single posts from the custom post type books. index.php is used if the query template for the custom post type is not present. 
page.php
    The page template. Used when an individual Page is queried. 
category.php
    The category template. Used when a category is queried. 
tag.php
    The tag template. Used when a tag is queried. 
taxonomy.php
    The term template. Used when a term in a custom taxonomy is queried. 
author.php
    The author template. Used when an author is queried. 
date.php
    The date/time template. Used when a date or time is queried. Year, month, day, hour, minute, second. 
archive.php
    The archive template. Used when a category, author, or date is queried. Note that this template will be overridden by category.php, author.php, and date.php for their respective query types. 
search.php
    The search results template. Used when a search is performed. 
attachment.php
    Attachment template. Used when viewing a single attachment. 
image.php
    Image attachment template. Used when viewing a single image attachment. If not present, attachment.php will be used. 
404.php
    The 404 Not Found template. Used when WordPress cannot find a post or page that matches the query. 